Fix typos and grammatical errors (#34)
nas5w/interview-guide: docs/where-should-i-interview.md

FAANG and big tech have pros and cons. One advantage of gaining employment with one of these companies is having "Google" or "Apple" on your r&eacute;sum&eacute; opens a lot of doors&mdash;your response rate for job applications will increase greatly.

> Of course, big tech has its cons. At larger companies, it may be more challenging to make a significant impact than at smaller companies or startups. Additionally, you may not enjoy the bureaucracy.

Author: or
```suggestion
Of course, big tech has its cons. These companies are large and you may not have a chance to make the sizable impact you could at a smaller company or startup. Additionally, you may not enjoy the bureaucracy.
```
